[vividus] Update configuration of ITERATING table transformer (#3228)
vividus-framework/vividus: docs/modules/commons/pages/table-transformers.adoc

`ITERATING` transformer generates simple one-column table with header `iterator` and numbers as values: 0, 1, 2... .

[cols="1,3a", options="header"]
|===
|Parameter
|Description

|`limit`
|WARNING: The property is deprecated and will be removed in VIVIDUS 0.6.0. Use `startInclusive` and `endInclusive` instead

threshold value, so values are generated from 0 to (`limit` - 1).

|`startInclusive`

> |value specifying which number to start generating values from. Value should be smaller or equal to `endInclusive` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|value specifying which number to start generating values from, it should be less than or equal to `endInclusive` value
```

|`endInclusive`

> |threshold value specifying at which number to stop generating values. Value should be greater or equal to `startInclusive` value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|threshold value specifying at which number to stop generating values, it should be greater than or equal to `startInclusive` value
```
